children are thought to be aged three , eight , and ten years , alongside an eighteen-month-old baby .
We mixed different concentrations of ROS with the spores , plated them out on petridishes with an agar-solution where fungus can grow on .
They feel they are under-represented in higher education and are suffering in a regional economic downturn .
Especially as it concerns a third party building up its military presence near our borders .
Police said three children were hospitalised for \" severe dehydration \" .
Virginia Álvarez , who wrote the report , noted , \" instead of listening to their demands , instead of starting a dialogue , authorities are doing everything they can to impede people from protesting \" .
US troops and tanks in Poland in 2015 , as part of an earlier deployment under Operation Atlantic Resolve .
Furthermore , Everson argues the Fox News criteria are not \" objective , \" as Title 11 requires , because they fail to define the terms \" consistently \" and \" recognized \" when referring to polls .
That decision was the one challenged unsuccessfully in the High Court .
No injuries or deaths were reported in the attacks from either side , but South Korea evacuated about 80 people in the town of Yeoncheon after at least one shell landed near the area .
The nonfatal accident left an elderly motorcyclist with broken ribs after he came off his bike avoiding the 170 tonnes of falling debris .
One driver is accused of moving 34 people , ten of them children , into Austria from Serbia .
Pavlensky , Oksana , and their two daughters left for Ukraine in mid-December before flying to France .
Their detention relates to Thursday 's discovery of a lorry full of corpses in Austria .
Robben signs contract extension with Bayern German football club FC Bayern Munich yesterday announced Dutch winger Arjen Robben has signed a one contract extension until June 2018 .
Anastasia Slonina , an actress working in a theatre in Moscow called Teatr.doc , known for liberal plays , filed rape charges on Pavlensky and his partner Oksana .
Bos obtained his doctorate from the University of Copenhagen .
Criminal suspects in Hungary can generally be held for 72 hours before charge but prosecutors , citing the seriousness of the case , want the period extended .
These actions threaten our interests , our security .
WWikinews : What methods and equipment were used for this investigation ?
Bianchi 's father , Philippe , described his non-progress as a \" daily torture \" .
Next week , on January 24 , the Supreme Court is due to deliver a decision in a case challenging the government 's right to issue Article 50 — which starts the Brexit negotiations — without the consultation of Parliament .
Furthermore , the data of radars at Maldives airports have also been analysed and shows no indication of the said flight \" , said Malaysian Transport Minister Hishamuddin Hussein .
As well as dangerous driving and causing serious injury by dangerous driving he also faces three counts of criminal damage covering the bridge and damaged vehicles .
All 239 passengers and crew are believed to be dead .
Bianchi 's helmet became wedged underneath the tractor , causing a diffuse axonal injury , and he fell into a coma .
Wikinews : Are there plans to follow this research up ?
It is hard to extrapolate to other ants , as different species lead very different lives .
Republican Senators set a date of January 27 to repeal Obamacare , according to NBC News .
Last month the US expelled 35 Russian diplomats accused of espionage , and sanctioned Russian intelligence agencies .
However , he believes Everson only has a chance of success if he actually files a lawsuit rather than simply complaining to the FEC .
Due to his severe deterioration , Israel was forced to hospitalize him , and placed him in Assaf Harofe hospital in Israel .
A team was duly dispatched and prepared a report with the intent to use it for assisting the victims ' families .
One set stimulated prey pursuit behavior , such as stalking , and the other stimulated the animal to use its jaw and neck muscles .
May 's speech stressed the need for friendliness between Britain and the EU but also ruled out any deal that did not allow the British government to control immigration , or which would require Britain to continue being bound by decisions of the European Court of Justice .
We 're working with legislative leaders at this very moment to begin to craft legislation that will repeal the most corrosive elements of Obamacare — the individual mandate , the taxes , the penalties — but at the same time , moving separate legislation that will allow us to introduce the kind of reforms in American health care that 'll lower the cost of health insurance without growing the size of government , \" said Vice President-elect Mike Pence .
The JAS 39C Gripen crashed onto a runway at around 9:30 am local time ( 0230 UTC ) and exploded , closing the airport to commercial flights .
After the service , Black was to be interred in a private ceremony , next to the graves of her parents at the Allerton cemetery .
Other planned host nations are Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Romania , Bulgaria , and Hungary .
Tomasz Szatkowski , Polish Undersecretary of State for Defence , noted \" large exercises \" by Russia near the Polish border as another reason the troops were needed .
Wikinews : Are there any ethical considerations around exposing ants to toxins and parasites ?
His most recent stint behind bars came last month , when he was arrested for allegedly slamming his girlfriend 's head into a refrigerator in the same home involved on Saturday .
In yesterday 's speech May also ruled out continued membership of the customs union as this prevented Britain from negotiating trade deals with non-EU countries .
She posted the photo with the caption : \" Park where you bloody well please and you wo n't even be fined .
Afterwards , each ant was dipped in the solution for a couple of seconds , dried on a cloth and put in the nest .
Pavlensky said he does not appear in the video .
Amnesty International condemned the law in a report : \" With threats of fines or threats of being beaten , the government is trying to stigmatize and criminalize people who are just practicing their rights . \"
Air Force spokesperson Pongsak Semachai said an investigatory commission would be formed .
Researchers noted the subjects did not attack any of the other mice .
Police today found 26 migrants in a lorry near Braunau am Inn , Austria .
I have no doubt that as time goes on , there will be more and more cases documented .
A suggestion had been the addition of a canopy over the car 's cockpit .
Trump has indicated he seeks closer ties with Russia .
According to the report , the 63-year-old Choe had disagreed with Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un 's forestry policies .
The contract had previously been for two races , but after acquiring sponsorship , the deal was increased by five events ; earlier in August , Wilson recorded a best finish of second at Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course .
Earlier this week around a quarter of 4,000 troops earmarked for Poland crossed into Poland from Germany .
Then for about two weeks we count every day how many ants died .
The incident has now gained international attention .
This is the Bianchi family 's second driver death .
We can rule out that they were Africans \" .
Cquote2.svg This is the first F1 race-related driver death since the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix , when Ayrton Senna was killed .
Interior Minister Johanna Mikl-Leitner called it \" a dark day \" and called for European Union-wide measures to protect immigrant refugees and tackle human traffickers .
Some army doctors were sent from North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences .
How widespread do you think this phenomenon could be in reality ?
Police found even more dead bodies from the crash on the ground , raising the reported death toll as high as 142 people .
The rotation is due to a treaty with Russia preventing permanent deployment to any particular territory .
Like other riots this year , overcrowding may have contributed to the latest riot .
In one of several painful performances , Pyotr Pavlensky sewed his lips to support members of musical band Pussy Riot who were imprisoned that time .
That said , I plan to investigate this question ( among others ) further [ in ] the next couple of years .
After his departure , he briefly served as CEO of the American Red Cross , worked in the cabinet of Indiana governor Mitch Daniels , and worked for the tax consulting firm alliantgroup .
Defence Minister Antoni Macierewicz was also at the ceremony .
Occasional attacks continue , and the latest is the worst in years .
On July 1 , the \" Citizens ' Security law \" went into effect .
We would have preferred a different solution but they have the legal right to impose the fine , \" Portillo said , but the public posting of the photo impugned the officers ' sense of honor .
Matt O'Brien of The Washington Post claims a large tax cut that would result for the wealthiest 1 % of citizens if Obamacare funds were not converted to other purposes , estimated at about $ 32,820 annually per person by the Tax Policy Center , is also a significant motive .
Reportedly the lorry traveled from Kecskemet .
Video from a passing motorist shows at least one helicopter on-scene .
This was in response to a CIA report issued two weeks earlier that concluded the Russian government hacked servers belonging to the U.S. Republican and Democratic parties .
Hyza told us the new owners have not changed the branding on the vehicle .
The enclave , Russian territory lying between Poland and Lithuania , now has nuclear-capable Iskanders and anti-ship Bastion equipment .
Adnan 's strike lasted over 50 days , and he was in mortal danger for the last couple of weeks .
The Independent reported self-medicating ants a first among insects .
It was agreed at a NATO summit in Warsaw last year .
Västerås is in central Sweden , approximately 115 km ( 70 miles ) west from the capital Stockholm .
According to WDBJ president and general manager Jeffrey Marks , speaking to CBS News , Flanagan was \" an unhappy man \" and \" difficult to work with \" .
Job growth is quite strong , \" stated Jim O'Sullivan , chief economist at High Frequency Economics , a data analysis firm in New York .
There 's conflicting evidence about whether sick ants actually smell different from healthy ones or not .
Part of Operation Atlantic Resolve , the deployment is set to include Abrams tanks , Bradley Fighting Vehicles , and Paladin artillery .
The victims are thought to have suffocated .
NB : I first want to find out where they get it from in nature .
Anna Merlan of Jezebel and Anthony Taylor of the Associated Press dismiss Trump 's timeline as \" impossible \" given the complicated nature of U.S. congressional workings .
Despite being a trans woman , Manning was housed in a men 's prison , the U.S. Disciplinary Barracks at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas . She spent a long period in solitary confinement and attempted suicide twice in 2016 .
Could healthy ants perhaps tell other ants are infected and encourage this behaviour ?
Following months of political unrest , since the explosion the Thai baht hit a six year low .
This means the experimenter does n't know which ants belong to which treatment , so it 's impossible to influence the results with \' observer bias \' .
After the exchange of fire , North Korea stated it would attack any loudspeakers broadcasting propaganda and would respond , militarily , within 48 hours if the broadcasts do not stop .
When he heard about the discovery in Vabbinfaru resort we immediately called the Police , \" said Mohamed Ibrahim , a councilman for Fehendhoo Island , to Haveeru Daily .
The name is a pun referencing ants , its primary topic , science , and \" non-scientific \" jargon-free communication .
On the day the plane went missing , residents on the small Maldive island of Kudahuvadhoo claimed to have seen a very \" low flying jumbo jet \" crash into the Indian Ocean .
We need to be voting for a replacement plan at the same time that we vote for repeal , \" added Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina .
The shrine is a popular attraction in Thailand 's capital , where at least 20 people , including at least eight foreigners , are reported dead with upwards of 100 injured .
The flight was operated by ACT Airlines .
Placed in the intensive care unit , in December he began rehabilitation therapy .
The death toll was yesterday finalised at 71 .
And afterwards either infected them or not .
Russian Presidential spokesperson Dmitry Peskov echoed Putin , saying the troops are \" a threat .
At least fifty died .
Manas international airport is located outside the capital city of Bishkek , and has been the location of other fatal crashes .
In the wake of this year 's riots , the Brazilian President Michel Temer announced to Reuters yesterday a plan , under joint cooperation of state and federal governments , to build nearly thirty prisons by 2018 , including \" five maximum security prisons to house the most violent convicts , \" and to create intelligence units in effort to counter the influence of powerful inmates .
Moreover , he declares himself as the \" second-most exciting \" candidate , reserving first place for Trump , whom Martin praises throughout his announcement .
Dozens of refugees and aid workers died .
The military is not allowed to fly civilian passengers , according to the air force chief , unless they are related to military personnel , or under some special circumstances .
A video of the shooting , which appeared to have been captured from the point of view of the shooter , was posted on Bryce Williams ' Twitter and Facebook pages several hours afterwards .
Also included were trucks , tanks , and Humvees .
The report , which cites an unnamed source , has not been confirmed by Wikinews or other agencies .
The August 27 collapse caused millions of pounds of damage , and closed a major route for more than 24 hours .
We measured the ROS-concentration in the bodies of ants after they ingested the food with the medicine using a spectrophotometer .
In Victory Lane , he stated , \" My first thoughts are with Justin , for sure [ ... ] He 's a friend , a teammate , and it 's a bit hard not knowing anything . \"
Based on the monitoring up to date , no indication of Flight MH370 has been observed on any military radars in the country [ Maldives ] .
Everson served as Commissioner of the IRS from 2003 to 2007 , during the George W. Bush administration .
In 2013 , he joined Marussia F1 ; the following year , at the 2014 Monaco Grand Prix , he scored his and Marussia 's first points with a ninth-place finish .
The report is known to contain some material disputed by Lin and Phyo .
Today we have made a big step in this direction \" .
The final decision on lifting Presidential immunity now falls to Congress .
Fighter jet crashes during Children 's Day airshow in Thailand A fighter jet crashed , killing the pilot , at Hat Yai International Airport , Songkhla​ , Thailand this morning during an annual Children 's Day airshow .
Wilson , a former Formula One and Champ Car driver , did not have a ride entering the 2015 season , and joined Andretti on a seven-race deal .
Legal charity Reprieve , who assisted the two men , said in a statement \" Concerns about the conduct of the Thai investigation and the safety of any convictions resulting have been raised from the very beginning [ ... ] only the defence lawyers in Thailand are in a position to judge whether the information could be of assistance . \"
The band members were charged with hooliganism for performing an anti-Putin song in a church .
Agence France Presse ( AFP ) and Rio de Janeiro newspaper O Globo report that the gang members of the Primeiro Comando da Capital ( PCC ) and Comando Vermelho were the latest riot 's participants .
Hungary is presently building a border fence across the Serbian frontier , as migrants from war-torn Syria and other regions seek access to the Schengen Area of free movement , which covers most of the EU .
Shortly after , Flanagan pulled off the road and shot himself .
This week , Obama also commuted the sentences of Oscar Lopez Rivera , a Puerto Rican nationalist linked to bombings in the 1970s and 1980s , James E. Cartwright , a former Marine general and White House Chief of Staff convicted of lying to the FBI , and over two hundred other individuals , mostly drug offenders .
The topic had been controversial : while some supported it for safety reasons , others opposed it because of history , possibly affecting the aerodynamics of the car , limiting one 's peripheral vision and movement inside the car , and worry about escaping an upside-down or burning car .
The mice behaved normally at all other times .
Yesterday , reports stated several more pieces of debris , one piece measuring some eight feet by two feet ( about 2.4 by 0.6 m ) , were found on Baa Atoll , Fehendhoo and Fulhahdhoo and washed ashore sometime in the past few days .
Many are set to be based in Żagań , where Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydło and Defence Minister Antoni Macierewicz are scheduled to ceremonially welcome them tomorrow .
Nigerian jet attacks refugee camp , killing dozens A Nigerian Air Force jet fighter mistook refugees for rebels yesterday , Nigerian military said , firing on a camp in Rann , Borno State .
The filibuster is a last-ditch tactic in which parties opposed to a certain motion refuse to relinquish the floor until their opponents give in or compromise .
South Korea 's Ministry of Unification told both Reuters and BBC it was monitoring the situation but Choe has not been seen publicly since December .
Once again , a tragedy has struck … our city .
Everson argues Fox News , in violation of Title 11 , \" structure [ d ] the debates to promote or advance one candidate over another \" through a July 27 change to its criteria that replaced a pre-existing one percent polling threshold with a threshold admitting those \" consistently \" included in \" recognized \" polls .
In addition to preventing Bush from gaining the Republican nomination , Martin intends to focus his campaign on protecting the prestige of the New Hampshire Primary and Iowa Caucus , defending the economic legacy of Founding Father Alexander Hamilton , combating political correctness , emphasizing U.S. relations with Greece , and fighting political corruption .
CNN reports that its participants were PCC and Sindicato do Crime do RN .
Eventually after many incidents of his anger coming to the fore , we dismissed him .
He asserts he was included in the Republican Party 's online straw poll in May and is the only candidate still listed on that poll who has been excluded from Thursday 's debate .
It was then sold again and exported to Hungary , where it is now registered .
The cause of this C-130 crash has yet to be determined .
At least seven are reported dead , with over 100 buses and dozens of police stations burned , after protests over job quotas turned violent in several major cities including Ahmedabad , Surat , and Rajkot .
It is the duty of the Polish state , the government to provide security .
The event was placed under the caution flag as safety workers extracted Wilson from his car .
MH370 , while flying from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia to Beijing , China , vanished without a trace on March 8 , 2014 .
Outgoing US President Barack Obama authorised the move in response to Russian intervention in Ukraine in 2014 , in which Crimea was annexed .
This gave us the data that ants choose more medicine after they have been infected .
Martin , best known for spreading multiple conspiracy theories concerning the birth and religion of U.S. President Barack Obama , previously ran for the Democratic Party presidential nomination in 1988 , and unsuccessfully sought the backing of the Republican Party in 2000 and 2012 .
The Obamas and Bidens , pictured together from file , have enjoyed an unusually close and warm relationship .
In reference to the seventeen candidates invited to the two August 6 Fox News debates , Martin casts himself as the \" eighteenth candidate , \" willing to participate in the second-tier debate .
Former NASA astronaut Eugene Cernan dies aged 82 Eugene Cernan , former NASA astronaut and the most recent human to walk on the Moon , died on Monday aged 82 , according to a NASA statement .
Further tributes were paid by Tom Jones , who flew in specially for the funeral .
We infected the ants by preparing a solution of the fungus Beauveria bassiana .
Wikinews interviews Mark Everson , U.S. Republican Party presidential candidate Former U.S. Commissioner of Internal Revenue Mark Everson took some time to talk with Wikinews about his campaign for the U.S. Republican Party 's 2016 presidential nomination .
Yesterday alone saw a record 3,241 attempts to enter Hungary illegally , according to authorities there .
The accused claim the confessions were tortured out of them and the ongoing trial is unfair .
Insects ( and animals in general ) seem to be quite good at taking care of themselves .
Bianchi , the 2007 French Formula Renault and 2009 Formula 3 Euro Series champion , was the inaugural member of the Ferrari Driver Academy .
A brief police chase ensued several hours later when law enforcement attempted unsuccessfully to pull Flanagan over on Interstate 66 in Fauquier County .
They arrived in Paris on Saturday .
Furthermore we 're working on social parasitism in wood-ants ( ants have lots of animals exploiting the nest for shelter and resources , which all somehow have to get in to the fortress without getting killed ) .
Mark Zuckerberg posted on Facebook \" I 'm so happy for all of my friends and everyone in our community who can finally celebrate their love and be recognized as equal couples under the law \" .
Initially residents who found the debris took it home .
IKEA spokesperson Anna Pilkrona-Godden told BBC News , \" Our thoughts are with those affected , \" and said the store is closed for the time being .
It 's a difficult day for us at the sheriff 's office .
After they sold it they say it was exported to Hungary ; it now bears Hungarian plates but still features Hyza branding including pictures of meat .
White House Press Secretary Josh Ernest was asked if NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden would also be pardoned .
The rotation is due to a treaty with Russia preventing permanent deployment to any particular territory .
We then housed the ants in nests I made using Y-tong [ aerated concrete ] .
Flanagan , who reported under the alias \" Bryce Williams \" , was fired by the station in 2013 .
Assange is currently living in the Ecuadorian embassy in London , where he is claiming asylum .
Martin filed paperwork with the Federal Election Commission last month to run for president in 2016 officially .
Everson argues his exclusion violates Title 11 of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations in that debate hosts must not \" structure the debates to promote or advance one candidate over another \" , and must \" use pre-established objective criteria to determine which candidates may participate in a debate . \"
The bar for not moving now is much higher . \"
The experiments were funded by national research organizations in the United States and China and the government of Brazil .
Conley was the father of Nathaniel ( Nate ) Jackson .
I want to know where it 's pointed before we start the process . \"
NB : The results we got are very reliable .
The German internationals have penned a five-year and a three-year contract respectively .
Roadworkers who spotted the vehicle , which had been there since yesterday at least , alerted police .
Earlier in 2013 , he wrapped himself , half naked , in a cocoon of barbed wire .
Once the behaviour has been well described in this species of ant , I might do a comparison with other species .
He announced his candidacy this past March with a sixteen-page open letter in which he outlined the six pillars of his campaign : amnesty for illegal immigrants , reinstatement of the military draft , a promise to serve only a single presidential term , and calls for tax reform , deficit reduction , and corporate responsibility .
So it seems to be quite wide-spread in the insect world .
The court has expedited the case .
Only seventeen candidates meet the criteria , which require a candidate \" consistently \" be included in \" recognized \" opinion polls .
In his complaint , Everson urges the FEC to compel Fox News to include him in the second tier debate as the eighth participant .
It was dubbed the \" gag law \" ( ( es ) ) or the \" gagging law \" .
Some claim the plane appeared to be headed in the direction of Diego Garcia .
He announced his candidacy this past March with a sixteen-page open letter in which he outlined the six pillars of his campaign : amnesty for illegal immigrants , reinstatement of the military draft , a promise to serve only a single presidential term , and calls for tax reform , deficit reduction , and corporate responsibility .
The findings inspired comparisons by the research team and the press to zombies from The Walking Dead , especially since the behavior was more pronounced when the animals were hungry .
We carved out little squares for the ants to live in ( covered with old CD covers to prevent them escaping ) .
Abdul Kalam was taken to Bethany Hospital 's intensive care unit and was declared dead about an hour and a half later .
Fox News claims Everson fails to meet the criteria it established for Thursday 's two debates .
Wikinews : For your PhD you researched ants ' scent-based communications .
The presence of US assets \" threatens our interests and our security , \" according to Russian President Vladimir Putin .
On Sunday , authorities released the names and ages of the victims : Valerie Jackson , 40 , and Dwayne Jackson , her husband , 50 ; Nathaniel Jackson , 13 ; Honesty Jackson , 11 ; Dwayne Jackson , Jr. , 10 ; Caleb Jackson , 9 ; Trinity Jackson , 7 ; and Jonah Jackson , 6 .
In recent months tension has mounted further as Russia deployed missiles to Kalingrad .
Three are Bulgarian and one is from Afghanistan .
U.S. presidential candidate Mark Everson challenges debate exclusion U.S. Republican Party presidential candidate Mark Everson , former commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) , filed a complaint on Monday with the Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) to challenge his exclusion from Thursday 's first Fox News Republican Party presidential debate .
Theresa May 's Brexit speech rules out single market membership UK Prime Minister Theresa May yesterday announced the government 's plans for how to proceed with the United Kingdom 's exit , or \" Brexit \" ( British exit ) , from the European Union .
A resident had found the debris and taken it home .
Pavlensky commented the rape charges had a political motivation behind it and denied the allegations .
In a ceremony described by the press as highly emotional , Obama cited his choice of Biden as a running mate as one of the best of his career and described their few arguments as the sort that brothers would have and Biden himself as \" a lion of American history . \"
The club is one of the best in the world and Munich has become a second home for me and my family .
Obama 's staff told the press WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange 's promise to agree to U.S. extradition if Manning was granted clemency had nothing to do with the decision .
There were some allegations that passengers on the aircraft were not limited to military families .
Cameron and Chan-o-cha arranged for an observer team from the Metropolitan Police to conduct an inspection of the Thai probe , based on powers in the Police Act 1996 .
After exposing the ants to the fungus , we took pictures of each foraging arena three times per day , and counted how many ants were present on each food-source .
Mr Justice Green also ruled the pair , in principal , \" have a perfectly proper right to seek access to the personal data for the purpose of using it subsequently in their defence in criminal proceedings \" , calling the case one about \" fundamental rights \" .
Wilson 's Andretti Autosport teammate Ryan Hunter-Reay won the race , though he did not celebrate upon finding out about Wilson 's accident .
Yesterday , North Korea fired artillery rounds aimed at a loudspeaker in South Korea that broadcasts anti-Pyongyang propaganda into the North .
The unemployment rate remained unchanged at 5.3 % .
Animals can adapt to local strains ( \' local adaptation \' ) , and just to make sure we thought it would be good to use a strain of fungus that the ants definitely did not evolve specific resistances against .
He now discusses his work with Wikinews .
We have waited for you for a very long time , \" he told the troops .
Formula One driver Jules Bianchi dies aged 25 Bianchi at the Nürburgring 's World Series by Renault race in 2012 .
Might you research other species ?
Eulogies were delivered by Cliff Richard and Paul O'Grady together with poems read by two of Black 's sons .
Additionally , he outlines six reasons for running , including degrading the candidacy of former Florida governor Jeb Bush , who is also seeking the Republican nomination .
The Royal Thai Police deny any misconduct .
They said they have checked GPS trackers on their fleet and all their vehicles remain in Slovakia .
He was released seven months later , in June .
Martin adamantly opposes Bush because of the foreign policy of the candidate 's brother , former President George W. Bush .
We then drilled a tunnel to a pot ( the foraging arena ) , where the ants got the choice between the food with medicine and the food without .
Initial police estimates were that 20 – 50 were suffocated in the back of the lorry which was near Parndorf .
Some bodies have been identified by blood sampling , an official told newspaper Jakarta Globe .
He takes power this month .
Moths and fruit flies definitely do it , and there 's evidence in honey bees and bumble-bees as well .
Cquote1.svg At the moment it seems that sick ants mostly take care of the problem themselves Cquote2.svg Wikinews : Where did the ants and fungus you used come from ?
Today 's hearing took place at the Palace of Justice in Kecskemet , pictured here from file .
Senator Susan Collins of Maine said she would like to at least see a well-constructed plan before voting and Senator Johnny Isakson of Georgia said repealing Obamacare without replacing it was \" unacceptable . \"
One member organisation , the Committee for Campesino Unity , wants a delay until elections are reformed .
Wages have grown by 2.1 % over the past year , below the Federal Reserve 's target of 3.5 % annual wage growth , and not much more than the underlying rate of inflation .
In 2012 , he received a total of 19 votes in the New Hampshire Primary , the only primary ballot on which he appeared .
I could even make out the doors on the plane clearly \" , one resident was quoted as saying to the newspaper Haveeru Daily .
\' Birther King \' announces 2016 campaign for U.S. president Via press release on Friday , Andy Martin , a perennial candidate for political office and self-proclaimed \" Birther King \" , announced he is seeking the U.S. Republican Party 's 2016 presidential nomination , his fourth bid for the White House .
They also seek a new constitution .
There might be many sources of medicine ( recent evidence suggests that tobacco plays a similar role for bumble bees ) .
UK Prime Minister David Cameron intervened , speaking to Thai Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha .
The suspect , a former reporter for the news station , later shot himself after a manhunt of several hours , authorities said .
Wilson was airlifted to Lehigh Valley Hospital in Allentown , Pennsylvania .
The chief is looking into these allegations to see if there were paying passengers .
Choe Yong-gon was not mentioned by name , nor is it known now if the report was referring to Choe .
Afterwards , the group revealed its findings : as Bianchi entered the run-off area of the track , he disabled the failsafe mechanism by \" [ applying ] both throttle and brake together , using both feet \" , while his front wheels were locked ; the panel also stated he did not slow down enough to control his car .
Austrian police find dozens dead inside lorry To write , edit , start or view other articles on Austria , see the Austria Portal Flag of Austria.svg The turning for Parndorf off the A4 , from file .
With the defence case due to begin shortly and continue until mid- or late September the court has issued its judgement today following a hearing on Friday .
News of his death was announced by his family the following morning : Cquote1.svg It is with deep sadness that the parents of Jules Bianchi , Philippe and Christine , his brother Tom and sister Mélanie , wish to make it known that Jules passed away last night at the Centre Hospitalier Universitaire ( CHU ) in Nice , ( France ) where he was admitted following the accident of 5th October 2014 at Suzuka Circuit during the Japanese Formula 1 Grand Prix .
Woman fined in Spain under new \' Gag Law \' The posted photo of a police vehicle parked in handicapped bay in Petrer , Spain ; license number removed .
Six of the ringleaders have been captured and sent to other facilities .
UK police were expressly forbidden , at a ministerial level , to provide any assistance to Thai authorities as the case involves the death penalty .
The work was inspired by Araujo 's desire to study natural feeding behavior , as opposed to animals passively munching on food pellets .
This common black ant eats other insects , and also aphid honeydew .
Biden joined Pope John Paul II , then-former President Ronald Reagan , and former General and Secretary of State Colin Powell .
The BBC estimates at least 52 dead , while one Borno State official is attributed by AP as saying over 100 are dead .
Karam was able to walk away from the accident , and was evaluated for a right foot injury ; he was released from the hospital the same day .
The bombing targeted a camp housing government soldiers and rebels , some of whom were in a meeting at the time .
US – Russian relations are also strained .
The lorry had been abandoned since Wednesday on the hard shoulder of the \" Eastern Motorway \" , near the Hungarian border .
Local residents and resort workers regularly collect trash which is sent to the garbage island Thilafushi where it 's sorted , exported for recycling , or burned .
After this decision , Facebook introduced a new tool to add rainbow coloring to one 's profile picture to celebrate this victory .
Man charged over motorway bridge collapse in Kent , England Reports yesterday indicated a 63-year-old man has been charged in connection with the collapse of a pedestrian bridge onto the M20 motorway in Kent , England last year .
Putin 's administration described the deployment as \" a threat \" .
NB : This is a fun one .
There was also a Syrian travel document found \" police spokesman Hans Peter Doskozil told journalists \" so of course our first assumption is that these people were migrants , and likely a group of Syrian migrants .
Judge Joaquim Bosch , Judges for Democracy spokesperson , said : \" It is not a law for citizens ' security , but a law for the government to avoid citizens \’ protests .
James , who attended the ceremony , said the troops represent \" America 's iron-clad commitment to honor our NATO treaty obligation to defend our NATO allies . \"
So basically it seems like they collect it in order to keep diseases out of the nest , so they stop the disease before it can actually infect them .
Wikinews got in touch with Hyza .
In 2013 , he nailed his scrotum in Moscow 's Red Square naming the art as \" Fixation \" .
It is n't even a European country . \"
Average hourly earnings rose 0.2 % , marking a rebound after growth stalled in June .
The Ministry of Justice and state-run news outlet Agência Brasil said the latest riot started at around 5:00 p.m. , local time , on Saturday .
Parker and Ward were killed , while the interviewee , Vicki Gardner , was transported to hospital and underwent surgery for her injuries , later listed in stable condition .
In his later years he became an executive and consultant , wrote an autobiography , and advocated for returning to the Moon along with Neil Armstrong , the first human to walk on the Moon , who died in 2012 .
This means it must be a very young surface \" .
Wikinews : How reliable do you consider your results to be ?
NB : Very good question .
The CIA report said this was to turn the 2016 presidential election toward president-elect Donald Trump .
Truly , America has lost a patriot and pioneer who helped shape our country 's bold ambitions to do things that humankind had never before achieved , \" NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said in a statement .
Democratic Senator Maria Cantwell of Washington had a different view , going so far as to call this \" stealing health care from Americans . \"
Following May 's speech the Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union , David Davis , echoed the Prime Minister in a speech he gave to Parliament , adding \" the final deal agreed between the UK and the EU will be put to a vote in both Houses of Parliament before it takes effect \" .
Fernando Portillo , a local police spokesperson , told local media the vehicle was parked there because police were responding to an emergency .
Thai Prime Minister Chan-o-cha , pictured here in December , was directly involved in negotiations that led to the report being produced .
It often nests in tree stumps or under rocks and foraging workers can sometimes be spotted climbing trees .
The Social and Popular Assembly , formed during protests in recent months , allege violations of electoral law by many parties , and want an electoral commission crackdown .
After being treated at a Japanese medical centre , he was moved about two months after the accident to a hospital in Nice .
NB : It 's not actually the first evidence for self-medication in insects .
I want to continue playing at the highest level and win as many trophies as possible . \"
NATO considered these deployments a response to its own .
The team used Formica fusca , an ant species that can form thousand-strong colonies .
She was located and fined within two days of posting the photograph .
Sick ants stop most interaction with nestmates and especially brood , and leave the nest to die in isolation .
However , human rights activists and experts were skeptical about building more prisons .
Part of Operation Atlantic Resolve , the deployment is set to include Abrams tanks , Bradley Fighting Vehicles , and Paladin artillery .
We are truly sorry about [ the ] tragedy \" they told us in a statement .
The law was written in response to violent protests .
Jawd Boulos , Adnan 's lawyer , said Adnan is due to be released on July 12 .
Home minister Rajnath Singh tweeted , \" He was an inspiration to an entire generation . \"
NB : There 's not much known about this .
Although he described Trump 's previous foray into politics as a \" charade \" during a 2011 interview with Wikinews , Martin now sees himself as Trump 's \" tag team \" partner in attacking the Bush candidacy .
It 's a third country that is building up its military presence on our borders in Europe , \" he told the BBC .
A woman in Spain has been fined € 800 after posting a photograph to her Facebook account of a police vehicle parked in space reserved for disabled/handicapped drivers .
It says they repeated their confessions at various times , including in court with legal representation , before retracting them .
The enclave , Russian territory lying between Poland and Lithuania , now has nuclear-capable Iskander missiles and anti-ship Bastion equipment .
Robben has won five Bundesliga titles , and four DFB-Pokal titles .
Artist 's rendition of Manning as she views herself .
The law prohibits \" the unauthorized use of images of police officers that might jeopardize their or their family 's safety or that of protected facilities or police operations \" .
Other substances ?
Although president-elect Donald Trump has called for a \" repeal and replace \" plan , saying that a new health care system would be enacted \" almost simultaneously , \" many in government and the press have expressed doubts about whether this would actually happen .
The speech also covered the legal status of both UK citizens living abroad and EU citizens living in the UK .
Pavlensky and Oksana were detained in December at Sheremetyevo airport for questioning , which went on for seven hours .
Bianchi 's Marussia team mate Max Chilton tweeted , \" No words can describe what his family and the sport have lost .
Victims included people tasked with providing patrols , part of a United Nations-backed move to quell the violence .
The presence of US assets \" threatens our interests and our security , \" according to Putin .
Outgoing US President Barack Obama authorised the move in response to Russian intervention in Ukraine in 2014 , in which Crimea was annexed .
; ) Wikinews : This is the first evidence for self-medicating insects .
Representative Tom MacArthur of New Jersey agreed , saying , \" We 're loading a gun here .
The broadcasts began on August 10 and South Korea says the broadcasts will continue .
The case attracted worldwide attention with Lin and Phyo confessing , before re-enacting the killing in front of the press .
Palestinian prisoner Khader Adnan stops hunger strike , due to be released Khader Adnan , a senior member of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad ( PIJ ) movement , has stopped his hunger strike .
The statement says the lorry in question was one of 21 Hyza vehicles sold on last year .
The troops are in the region in response to Russian action in Ukraine and began arriving earlier this week .
According to the Bild newspaper , Agrofert -- the parent company of Hyza -- said in a statement the new owners were required to do so .
Although some of it was taken to Thilafushi , there is still a five or a seven inch piece on the resort .
Ernest said no , saying the information Snowden released was more dangerous to the U.S. public and pointed out that while Manning had gone through a formal trial and acknowledged wrongdoing , \" Mr . Snowden fled into the arms of an adversary and has sought refuge in a country that most recently made a concerted effort to undermine confidence in our democracy . \"
May said she wished to guarantee the status of both , but that she also sought \" reciprocity \" before doing so , and noted \" one or two \" other countries had not been willing to do so .
Officials said the plane exploded on impact into a big fireball .
President Molina , pictured here in 2013 , is accused of corruption .
Job growth has averaged 242,000 per month for the past year .
Manning is among more than 1,500 individuals whom President Obama has granted clemency during his tenure .
The blog aims to help address \" a gap between scientists and ' the general public \' . \"
Found near the German border , the migrants were from Afghanistan , Syria , and Bangladesh .
Amongst those calling for an end to the violence was Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who said \" each and every issue can be resolved through talks \" during a televised broadcast .
Pavlensky said he and his partner Oksana Shalygina were falsely accused under Section 132 of the Criminal law for rape .
As a result of his activity , since 1997 Adnan has been arrested reportedly around ten times , and has gone on several hunger strikes , one of which lasted 28 days , while another lasted 66 days and after his release he went on strike for another 12 days as a token of sympathy for the remaining Palestinian detainees in Israeli prisons .
Using the Data Protection Act 1998 the defendants asked police for this report to assist their defence , and were denied .
Report : Vice-premier of North Korea executed A report published Wednesday by the Yonhap News Agency claims vice premier Choe Yong-gon of North Korea was executed in May .
Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha offered his sympathies to Pattavee 's relatives .
Hyza says they will \" actively cooperate with Slovak police \" , and \" express [ their ] sincere condolences to the bereaved families . \"
Upon the news of his death , many drivers sent their condolences through social media .
Pavlensky and Oksana are liable to be sentenced to a ten-year jail term if found guilty .
The group were left by the roadside near Bruck an der Leitha and reported struggling to breathe in the van .
Children screamed in video footage of the crash .
Back in April , South Korea 's National Intelligence Service said executions had been ordered for fifteen officials including a \" forestry official \" .
That night , the White House had the rainbow projected on the outside of the building to celebrate the decision .
Northern Mali was seized by Islamic militants in 2012 , with France leading a military intervention the following year .
He began postdoctoral research at Helsinki in 2012 .
The Roraima riot on January 6 resulted in at least 33 killed , of whom many were disembowelled .
According to media reports on Monday , Adnan ceased his strike after achieving an agreement with Israel entailing his release from administrative detention .
All opinion polls indicate that the Spanish society is not at all preoccupied by security but by the economic situation and political corruption . \"
Later , companies like Google , Yahoo , Tumblr and Vine tweeted with hashtag \" #LoveWins \" .
It 's very soft stone that you can easily carve .
Dalial Freitak , who is also on this paper is currently running tests with Ph.D. student Siiri Fuchs ( who is also on the paper ) with other substances to see if any have the same effect as H2O2 [ hydrogen peroxide ] .
The other seven participate in a separate debate just before the prime time event .
The government of North Korea rarely makes statements about its internal affairs .
This gives us the data to do a so-called survival analysis .
It 's [ the US ] , not even a European state . \"
This species of fungus does appear in Finland , but we chose to use a different strain from Denmark ( with thanks to Prof. J. Eilenberg and the laboratory technician Louise Lee Munch Larsen from the University of Copenhagen ) .
NB : For ants , see above about the collection .
After the accident , the FIA , which sanctions Formula One racing , formed a panel to investigate the crash .
The Red Cross said at least six of its staff died and twelve more injured .
I have no doubt that as time goes on , there will be more and more cases documented .
Pavlensky called this an artwork named \" Threat \" and was sentenced to a prison term for vandalism .
The gunman , later identified as 41 year-old Vester Lee Flanagan II , fled the scene .
Eventually , F1 mandated the use of the \" virtual safety car \" , which requires drivers to enter the pit lane at slower speeds instead of proceeding around the track .
Although the Federal Reserve has not explicitly stated that they plan to raise interest rates in the near future , the US central bank has stated that it would raise rates when it has seen \" some further improvement \" in the jobs market .
Wikinews has contacted the Metropolitan Police , usually responsible for policing London , for a statement and is awaiting a response .
It was agreed at a NATO summit in Warsaw last year .
He joined F1 team Force India in 2012 .
However , of course this is proof in just one species .
It is the largest deployment of US troops to Europe since the Cold War ended .
Putin calls US troops in Poland \' a threat \' Reports yesterday indicated Russian President Vladimir Putin views the arrival of US troops in Poland as \" a threat \" .
If they would only do it in the lab , the behaviour would n't be very interesting .
According to Brazil 's justice department , the Alcaçuz prison houses more than 1,000 inmates on a capacity of 620 .
The pilot was identified as Squadron Leader Dilokrit Pattavee .
Around fifteen shots were reported fired .
Tom Williams , auxiliary bishop of Liverpool , conducted the Roman Catholic mass in St Mary 's Roman Catholic Church in Liverpool 's Woolton area .
In 2013 , Robben scored the winning goal in the UEFA Champions League final at Wembley Stadium against Bayern 's arch rivals Borussia Dortmund .
The photo shows a pool of dark liquid on the ground beside the vehicle .
When exposed to the laser , the primed mice would first stalk and then pounce on and bite any object in their enclosure , even objects without any food scent or prey value , like sticks and bottle caps .
While sluggish wage growth remains a pocket of weakness in the economic recovery , steady payroll gains averaging 242,000 per month over the past twelve months have led observers to consider a Federal Reserve interest rate hike as increasingly likely , according to The New York Times .
President Barack Obama responded to the decision : \" Today we can say , in no uncertain terms , that we have made our union a little more perfect . \"
North Korea puts military in \' quasi-state of war \' According to Yonhap news agency , quoting North Korea 's main news agency Korean Central News Agency ( KCNA ) , the country 's military has been placed on high alert and has been told to prepare a \" quasi-state of war \" .
I have been a loyal Republican , \" says Martin in his announcement , \" loyal to the principles of our party but not necessarily loyal to some of its failed leaders . \"
For this we basically put colonies on a diet of either food with medicine or without for a while .
She died early this month , aged 72 , after she fell at her home in Spain and suffered a stroke .
Martin has previously criticized the Bush family during his 2000 campaign , when he ran television ads accusing then-presidential candidate George W. Bush of abusing cocaine and alcohol .
Election law expert Richard Winger , publisher of Ballot Access News , says Everson is \" completely correct \" in his challenge .
The lorry is on the so-called \" Eastern Motorway \" , the A4 , close to the Hungarian border .
NB Phew ... lots !
Olga Papernaya , former art director at Moscow 's film club said , \" Alas , yesterday a national hero and a great performance artist , today — it ’s true — a criminal , a psychopath and a rapist \" .
Not everyone has considered Manning 's actions to be wrong .
Local media reports an airport fire vehicle rolled over while responding .
She said Lin and Phyo are \" disappointed \" but \" are reassured that at least a British judge has now looked at the information held by the Metropolitan Police , applying anxious scrutiny , and determined that it would not assist them in their ongoing proceedings in Thailand . \"
Molina , however , has stood firm in the face of widespread popular protests demanding he leave office .
The Affordable Care Act , which is often cited as a key accomplishment of the Obama administration , has had a mixed reputation , and many conservatives believe a market-based health care system would be more flexible and efficient and less costly , and many believe that the Affordable Care Act only passed because of Obama 's later discredited pledge that no one who liked their current health plan would have to switch .
According to the resort 's manager Mr. Naseem , the bigger pieces of debris and other waste were taken away and disposed of in the usual way .
The prime-time event features the top ten candidates by average polling percentage .
Republican senator John McCain , who ran for president against Obama in 2008 , said \" It is a sad , yet perhaps fitting commentary on President Obama 's failed national security policies that he would commute the sentence of an individual that endangered the lives of American troops , diplomats , and intelligence sources by leaking hundreds of thousands of sensitive government documents to WikiLeaks , a virulently anti-American organization that was a tool of Russia 's recent interference in our elections . \"
The US troops are set to rotate around the region every nine months .
Roadworkers became suspicious of dark liquid seeping from the vehicle , and responding police found the bodies .
The blast occurred at approximately 7pm on Monday local time ( 1200 UTC ) , when central Bangkok was flooded with pedestrian activity .
This was in response to a CIA report issued two weeks earlier that concluded the Russian government hacked servers belonging to the U.S. Republican and Democratic parties .
May said the UK government would seek access to the single market without retaining formal membership in it .
I also started collaborating with Prof. Michael Poulsen from the University of Copenhagen on immunity in fungus-growing termites , as well as their chemical recognition abilities .
In 2015 Szydło said in response to the vanishing investigatory findings \" the website has been closed and will simply remain closed . \"
Temer announced more than one billion Brazilian reals ( US$309 million ) as the budget of the plan .
At 9 P.M. EST , INDYCAR released a statement , announcing that Wilson had suffered a severe head injury , was in critical condition and had fallen into a coma .
These include a Boeing 737 en route to Iran , which crashed shortly after take-off in 2008 , killing 68 of at least 90 people on board .
Wikinews : What first attracted you to researching ants ?
Of the 71 dead , 59 are men , eight are women , and four are children .
We 're here with our brothers in arms standing behind us because we 're all hurting .
According to doctors at Bethany Hospital , Kalam was dead by 7 p.m. but they waited for the arrival of Meghalaya chief minister V. Shanmuganathan , about an hour later , before announcing the death .
Huang went on to call Obama 's order for Manning 's release \" long overdue . \"
C-130 Hercules crashes in Medan , Indonesia On Tuesday , an Indonesian Air Force C-130 Hercules crashed in the city of Medan , Indonesia .
This decision made the United States the 21st country to legalise same-sex marriage .
Nobody had thought twice about it then .
Gujarat quota protests turn violent Parts of the Indian state of Gujarat have been under curfew since Tuesday .
These concerns were shared by members of the House of Representatives .
He faces rape accusations from two Swedish women .
He joins 139 other Republican Party presidential candidates who have done likewise .
We had a lot of colonies containing a lot of ants , and wherever possible we conducted the experiment blind .
All 122 people on board were killed as well as people on the ground in the city in North Sumatra , according to North Sumatra police Major A. Tarigan .
Demonstrators outside the court chanted \" Love has won \" .
He also criticizes Bush for his alleged economic benefit from the collapse of Lehman Brothers , labeling Bush as a \" front man for a handful of corrupt plutocrats that have raped [ the nation 's ] economy . \"
The gangs had been housed in separate parts of the prison .
According to Democratic Senator Bernie Sanders , as many as 30 million people could lose their health insurance if the ACA is repealed
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy of California says legislation repealing Obamacare and replacing it could ready by late February .
The population is roughly 110 thousand .
Reports say at the time the debris was collected , no one suspected it could be from MH370 .
Lucien Bianchi , the 1968 24 Hours of Le Mans winner and Jules 's great uncle , was killed in 1969 during testing at Circuit de la Sarthe , where the 24 Hours of Le Mans race is held .
Former Indian president APJ Abdul Kalam dies at age 83 Portrait of former Indian president Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam , also known as the Missile Man of India ; 2008 .
Virginia reporter , cameraman killed on live TV , alleged shooter commits suicide Two members of a news crew for Roanoke , Virginia station WDBJ were shot and killed on live television this morning .
Reporter Alison Parker , 24 , and cameraman Adam Ward , 27 , were conducting an interview at a local outdoor shopping mall when a gunman opened fire at approximately 6:45 AM local time ( 1045 UTC ) .
The truck , which has pictures of meat on the side , shows branding for Slovakian food firm Hyza .
Wikinews : How might ants locate healing substances in the wild ?
The South retaliated by firing dozens of rounds of artillery into the north .
According to The Huffington Post , Haveeru reported the witnesses were interviewed by authorities who deemed their statements to be truthful , but Maldive military officials along with Malaysian officials say no such aircraft was in Maldive airspace at the time MH370 went missing .
Rosa Curling , who represented both men in the London court , has said they would not appeal .
In his announcement and subsequent release , Martin expresses a desire to participate in Republican presidential debates and aligns himself with fellow Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump .
Elections are scheduled for September 6 .
Police are seeking the driver .
The Obama administration has seen what The New York Times calls an \" unprecedented crackdown on leaks of government secrets . \"
He was appointed to the position in June of 2014 .
The research team used an engineered virus to target and alter specific sets of neurons .
Kalam 's presidential term completed in July 2007 .
The woman , who has not been named , saw the police vehicle parked in a reserved spot in Petrer and snapped a photo .
We waited for decades , sometimes feeling we had been left alone , sometimes almost losing hope , sometimes feeling that we were the only one who protected civilization from aggression that came from the east . \"
Austrian police earlier this week arrested three motorists suspected of people smuggling .
Witheridge had been raped .
None of its neighbours have similar aircraft , which cost the nation around 2.5 billion baht ( US$70 million ) each .
Once inside , they can move freely inside the Schengen Area , which covers most of the EU .
Hundreds of members of the public attended the ceremony , near the German border ; the soldiers crossed in from Germany .
We 're here today on a very sad day , \" said Tim Cannon , deputy chief of the HCSO .
For 2016 , Martin does not harbor high expectations of electoral success , though he hopes to receive an invitation to the debates .
May stated the government would not seek to be a member of the European single market and would instead seek a new trade relationship .
The case relates to a corruption scandal known locally as La Linea ( ( en ) ) which has seen Vice President Roxana Baldetti arrested and charged with fraud and receiving bribes .
Many in Congress have denounced Manning as a traitor , stating the breach endangered U.S. national security .
Infected ants chose food laced with toxic hydrogen peroxide , whereas healthy ants avoided it .
32-year-old Robben joined the German side in 2009 from Spanish capital club Real Madrid .
However , the study did not state whether the laser resembled the light of a full moon .
He was in power in Gujurat during sectarian violence in 2002 which resulted in about a thousand deaths .
[ ... ] Of course , the opinion ’s showy profundities are often profoundly incoherent . \"
This is America 's most capable fighting force : A combat-ready , highly trained US armoured brigade , with our most advanced equipment and weaponry , \" according to Paul James , US ambassador to Poland .
: ) Wikinews : What other research are you working on right now ?
It was on the hard shoulder between Neusiedl and Parndorf , closer to Parndorf .
Two lorries were partially crushed by the collapse , which was triggered when a digger on the back of a lorry struck the concrete bridge .
This means that the reaction of the ants ( to self-medicate ) is very likely to be a general response , and not just against their local fungal enemies .
The lowest estimate from Médecins Sans Frontières ( MSF ) is of 50 dead .
He denies any misconduct .
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexei Mechkov , however , said the incoming troops and vehicles were a \" factor destabilising European security \" .
The US troops are set to rotate around the Balkans every nine months .
The lorry was found on the road nearby .
The military said the plane took off at 12:08 pm local time ( 0508 UTC ) and crashed five kilometers away a couple of minutes later .
The part of the law which prohibits \" the unauthorized use of images of police officers that might jeopardize their or their family 's safety \" is cited as the reason for the fine , however , police spokesperson Fernando Portillo said it was up to police officers involved and under the new law they could do this .
The murders occurred on the picturesque resort island of Koh Tao , pictured here from file .
Mr Justice Green 's judgement acknowledges he did not know \" how the accused might structure their defences \" or details about what evidence had been or would be involved .
Also ... can ants medicate their friends ?
He was pronounced dead at a Fairfax-area hospital around 1:30 PM local time ( 1730 UTC ) .
LC Goyal , home secretary , said the Indian government will declare a seven day national mourning for Kalam .
After his departure , he briefly served as CEO of the American Red Cross , worked in the cabinet of Indiana governor Mitch Daniels , and worked for the tax consulting firm alliantgroup .
Commanders of the Korean People 's Army were hastily dispatched to the front-line troops to command military operations to destroy psychological warfare tools if the enemy does not stop the propaganda broadcast within 48 hours and prepare against the enemy 's possible counteractions , \" added KCNA .
All I can say [ is ] it was a pleasure knowing and racing you . \"
The air force first said there were twelve crew members on board , but the total number of reported fatalities continued to change with later reports .
Due to established UK policy on foreign death penalty cases , the report was also not shared with Thailand .
He put the age of the current surface at no more than 100 million years .
According to Agus Supriatna , chief of the Air Force , the pilot reported technical problems and requested return to base .
He was angered when he returned to find the door locks changed .
Ties between Russia and the US are strained .
He was excluded from the August 6 Fox News Republican presidential debate and has been excluded from most presidential polls .
South Korea had recently started to broadcast propaganda from loudspeakers after an 11-year lull .
Biologist Nick Bos tells Wikinews about \' self-medicating \' ants Nick Bos , of the University of Helsinki , studies \" the amazing adaptations social insects have evolved in order to fight the extreme parasite pressure they experience \" .
These experiments were performed on laboratory mice .
The stowaways also appeared with a line through them alongside the word \" imigranti \" .
I just do n't see that as being feasible . \"
After signing the contract , Robben said , \" I 'm very happy that I 'll be playing a further year for FC Bayern .
Spending seven years with Munich , Robben has scored 82 goals in 152 Bundesliga appearances and netted 23 goals in 53 UEFA Champions League matches .
It is this report that Lin and Phyo were seeking .
In her words , \" the days of Britain making vast contributions to the European Union every year will end \" .
Senator Collins agreed , saying \" I do n't see any possibility of our being able to come up with a comprehensive reform bill that would replace Obamacare by the end of this month .
Trump has the raw media power to weaken Bush , \" says Martin , \" I have the negative information and hardball media tactics to make Bush a toxic candidate for the Republican base . \"
Then they fitted the mice with intracranial optical fibers so they could expose their brains to blue light at will .
The CIA report said this was to turn the 2016 presidential election toward president-elect Donald Trump .
After the story was reported on a local news website , it began to be reported internationally .
Both men say they were starved , suffocated , stripped naked , exposed to cold temperatures , beaten , threatened , and denied legal representation .
Mr Justice Green read the report himself and decided not to release it as it was of no assistance to the pair .
Extradition to Austria is possible .
Our hearts go out to those … affected by this tragedy . \"
The result that healthy ants die sooner when ingesting ROS [ Reactive Oxygen Species , the group of chemicals that includes hydrogen peroxide ] but infected ants die less was obtained in another way ( as you have to \' force feed \' the ROS , as healthy ants , when given the choice , ignore that food-source . )
The case dates to September last year when the victims were found murdered on a Koh Tao beach .
The management has decided to hand it over to the Police \" , said an unnamed official to SunOnline , who said authorities do n't know if any of the debris taken away has been destroyed .
I ’ve never seen a jet flying so low over our island before .
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexei Mechkov said the incoming troops and vehicles were a \" factor destabilising European security \" .
This is the same church that Black got married in 1969 to Bobby Willis , who died in 1999 after 30 years of marriage .
On October 5 , 2014 , at the late portion of the Japanese Grand Prix at Suzuka Circuit , Bianchi collided with a tractor crane that had been attending to the crashed car of Adrian Sutil .
With about twenty laps remaining in the race , Sage Karam , who had been leading the event , crashed into the turn 1 wall .
The pair sought a Metropolitan Police report they hoped could assist their defence .
Responding officers found it full of corpses .
Austrian police today found an estimated 20 – 50 decomposing corpses in an apparently abandoned lorry .
The Royal Courts of Justice complex in London , where the case was heard .
We view this report as easily clearing the hurdle needed to keep the Fed on track for a September rate hike , \" said Rob Martin , an economist at Barclays in New York .
Polish relations with Russia are strained .
The system excited two different sets of neurons , both located in the amygdala , which is the part of the brain associated with emotion and aggression .
Tuesday , Conley was allowed to speak to reporters at an administrative segregation unit of the Harris County Jail .
Four men go before Hungarian court after 71 found dead in lorry To write , edit , start or view other articles on Austria , see the Austria Portal Four foreign men have today gone before a court in Hungary on suspicion of people smuggling .
About returning to Russia , Pavlensky told BBC , \" I have no desire to return like a lamb to the slaughter , especially a slaughter that is desired , by the state . \"
It continued until the security forces quelled the riot on Sunday at around 7:15 a.m. .
Stimulation of the periaqueductal gray ( PAG ) portion of the brain controlled stalking and stimulation of the reticular formation controlled biting .
Conflict in Syria and other parts of the world has led refugees to Europe .
An AirAsia jet crashed in the Java Sea last December , killing everyone aboard .
The Serious and Organized Crime Unit of the Maldives Police Service and experts from the Maldives Civil Aviation Authority are heading the investigation .
This pace of employment growth is clearly strong enough to keep the unemployment rate trending down . \"
He alleges this was done to ensure the inclusion of the low-polling candidates former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina , former New York governor George Pataki , Senator Lindsey Graham , and former Virginia governor Jim Gilmore , because Fox News recognizes these candidates as \" major players . \"
Rape-accused Russian political artist Pyotr Pavlensky to seek asylum in France On Monday , controversial Russian political artist Pyotr Pavlensky , currently in Paris , informed media that he and his family are to seek political asylum in France .
As Wilson approached the site of the crash , reportedly the nose cone from Karam 's car that had been airborne struck Wilson in the helmet ; Wilson 's car steered to the left and collided with the inside SAFER barrier .
Since Szydło took office in 2015 , Poland has also suffered a decline in relations with Russia .
Another had been to tether the nose cone to the car ; Hunter-Reay mentioned renderings developed of a boomerang-like debris-deflector positioned in front of the driver .
Polish PM Beata Szydło welcomes US troops Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydło on Saturday headed a ceremony in the Western town of Żagań welcoming US troops .
Last month the US expelled 35 Russian diplomats accused of espionage , and sanctioned Russian intelligence agencies .
We have some guesses where they might get it from , but at the moment we do n't know yet .
The scientists say this shows they were stimulating predatory behavior specifically and not making the animals generally more angry or aggressive .
Following the collision Manas airport was closed , and yesterday was declared a day of national mourning in Kyrgyzstan .
When the decision was made , police allowed people outside the court to wave the rainbow flag on the court plaza .
In the wild , Formica fusca can encounter similar chemicals in aphids and dead ants .
Military authorities said Muslim insurgents from the country 's southern provinces are unlikely to be behind the attack .
Early during the ceremony , Obama noted comically \" this also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our \' bromance . \' \"
French Formula One ( F1 ) driver Jules Bianchi died on Friday night at age 25 , nine months after his serious accident at the 2014 Japanese Grand Prix .
Szatkowski also mentioned Russian action in Ukraine , which he called \" aggressive actions in our vicinity \" .
He added other forms of debris and trash with no value , such as buoys and suspected military waste , wash up on the islands all the time , especially during monsoon season .
Although the 51-48 vote was mostly along party lines , some Republicans have expressed uncertainty about repealing Obamacare before a replacement system is worked out .
The information Manning released to the public through WikiLeaks and The Guardian in 2010 included diplomatic accounts , videos , military incident logs , and battle plans , including footage of an American Apache helicopter firing on suspected Iraqi insurgents , reports of prisoners held in Guantanamo Bay without trial , and records of detainees abused by the Iraqi military .
This is something that 's important to know .
I try to work on a very low budget , and like to build most of the experimental setups myself ( we actually have equipment in the lab nicknamed the \' Nickinator \' , \' i-Nick \' and the \' Nicktendo64 \' ) .
Other planned host nations are Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Romania , Bulgaria , and Hungary .
Conley said he had been living in the house and although he had promised to move out , he did not have elsewhere to go .
Conley told investigators he used to live with Valerie Jackson and broke into the home after she had changed the locks .
The accident led to discussions regarding the safety of the cars .
Explosion in central Bangkok : Thailand to hunt those responsible Thai authorities are searching for a man wearing a yellow T-shirt , recorded on video leaving a backpack shortly before a pipe-bomb exploded two days ago near Erawan Hindu Shrine , Bangkok .
The detrimental effect of ROS on spores was easy to measure .
A day after , we counted how many spores were still alive .
Hydrogen peroxide reduced infected ant fatalities by 15 % , and the ants varied their intake depending upon how high the peroxide concentration was .
The aircraft was en route from Soewondo Air Force Base to Natuna .
In the November 2015 , Pavlensky set Russia 's Federal Security Service 's headquarters ' door on fire in Moscow .
We 'd turn the laser on and they 'd jump on an object , hold it with their paws and intensively bite it as if they were trying to capture and kill it , \" says lead investigator and Yale Associated Professor of Psychiatry Ivan de Araujo .
The images also did not show craters on its natural satellite , Charon .
Slovak chicken meat company Hyza , a previous owner , previously told Wikinews the lorry has changed hands several times in roughly the last year .
The researchers say this shows the amygdala is likely to control hunting and biting behavior across many or all jawed vertebrates .
There 's not that much money in fundamental science at the moment , so I try to cut the costs wherever possible .
The case pits the two accused trying to defend a death penalty case against the possibility of jeopardising international relations ; Thai police co-operated , but only in light of an agreement the report would be confidential .
It is the largest deployment of US troops to Europe since the Cold War ended .
The future mission is to explore the Kuiper Belt .
It was left because it is small .
Neighbouring Hungary is constructing a border fence across its entire frontier with Serbia .
Mr Justice Green said the report described \" in many respects [ ... ] no more than the routine conduct of a serious crime investigation .
MSF say at least 200 were wounded .
The following year , he chopped off a part of his right ear lobe with a chef 's knife sitting nude on a roof labelling the art as \" Segregation \" .
Guatemalan Supreme Court approves impeachment of President Molina Yesterday in Guatemala , the Supreme Court approved the attorney general 's request to impeach President Otto Pérez Molina .
Molina is accused of conspiring to corruptly divert customs funds .
Chelsea Manning exposed serious abuses , \" says Margaret Huang , executive director of the U.S. branch of Amnesty International , \" and as a result her own human rights have been violated . \"
We 've seen seaplanes , but I 'm sure that this was not one of those .
Both countries have put their militaries on high levels of alert .
Kent Police continue to investigate ; Highways England have said they will await that probe 's results before deciding if they will launch their own .
Russia-US relations face a potential thaw , as President-Elect Donald Trump moves towards office on January 20 .
Congress previously refused to impeach Molina but the investigation has since broadened , with ministerial resignations .
Everson served as Commissioner of Internal Revenue , the administrative head of the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) from 2003 to 2007 , during the George W. Bush administration .
All eight victims died at the scene .
Continuing a trend of steady employment growth , the United States economy added 215,000 jobs in July , the Bureau of Labor Statistics said on Friday .
Theresa May also said Britain 's contributions to the EU budget would cease , although some contributions would be made to some pan-European schemes .
Even before its enactment it saw widespread criticism .
He also runs the AntyScience blog .
The following day , Indianapolis Motor Speedway president Doug Boles and Hulman & Company Mark Miles officially announced Wilson 's death .
In February 2007 the space probe flew by Jupiter .
According to Defence Minister Prawit Wonguwan speaking to Reuters , the bombing was a deliberate attack on the country 's economy and tourism industry .
Each Polish family must feel safe \" , Szydło said .
French Interior Minister Bruno Le Roux called the attack \" highly symbolic \" .
Russia has refused to return wreckage , encouraging conspiracy theories about the crash .
The Amazonas prison riot on January 1 – 2 resulted in at least 56 killed inmates , of whom many were beheaded and dismembered .
On the day of the discovery Hyza quickly removed a graphic from their homepage featuring cartoon chicken stowaways in a car being inspected at a customs post .
I do n't own a car , so that means I 'm excused right ?
NASA said mountains on the planet may be made of water-ice .
We collected wild colonies of Formica fusca by searching through old tree-trunks in old logging sites in southern Finland .
The 32-year-old artist has been charged on several occasions .
Thailand began purchasing the Swedish-built Gripen jets in 2008 and has twelve .
The four accused were escorted into court in Kecskemet , central Hungary , by a police convoy .
The arrested men are thought to include the vehicle 's owner and at least two drivers .
Since the annexation of Crimea , Russia has recently been increasing its military presence in Kalingrad .
Authorities say the suspect may have already left Thailand and was assisted by others .
French President François Hollande visited the scene last week .
It also says they have not backed up their torture claims with evidence , medical or otherwise .
Choe was involved with trade talks between the two Koreas in the mid-2000s .
In a recently-accepted Evolution paper Bos and colleagues describe ants appearing to self-medicate .
Yesterday , former Indian president APJ Abdul Kalam died at the age of 83 after collapsing at about 6:30 p.m. local time ( 0000 today UTC ) while delivering a speech about Livable Planet Earth at the Indian Institute of Management Shillong , in Meghalaya , India .
One piece appears to have a serial number on the side , possibly reading \' 021411270507 . \'
Some also noted the colors appeared to resemble that of a Malaysia Airlines plane .
Earlier today the company 's website sported an apparent anti-immigration graphic , which has since been removed .
Bomb kills at least 50 in Gao , Mali A vehicle packed with explosives was detonated this morning in Gao , Mali .
Choe , one of seven vice premiers , was in charge of construction and building material industries .
The unidentified man has been summonsed to appear at Maidstone Magistrates ' Court on February 17 .
Malian President Ibrahim Boubacar Keita took to Twitter today to declare three days of mourning .
Prosecutors allege Baldetti and Molina between them received half of all bribes in the case .
IndyCar driver Justin Wilson dies aged 37 Yesterday , 37-year old IndyCar Series driver Justin Wilson died of injuries sustained on Sunday during the ABC Supply 500 at Pocono Raceway .
A further question raised had been regarding Wilson 's height : at 6 feet , 3.5 inches ( 1.92 m ) tall , Wilson was the tallest IndyCar Series driver ; however , driver Josef Newgarden refuted the statement , saying , \" They make a regulation for how tall you can be inside the car sitting compared to the roll hoop [ ... ] It 's safe for any height for any driver that gets in the car . \"
For example , once we find the source of the medicine in nature ... would species without access to this source also have evolved the same behaviour in the lab ?
Yonhap has attributed roughly 70 executions of officials to Kim Jong-un 's rule which began after the death of his father Kim Jong-il in December 2011 .
At the time of the murders , Conley was wanted on an assault charge against a family member .
At the moment it seems that sick ants mostly take care of the problem themselves .
UK judge withholds report from Thai death penalty defendants In a judgement released today Mr Justice Green , sitting in the High Court in London , spoke of his \" very considerable unease \" as he rejected an application by two defendants in a Thai death penalty case .
Some ants were infected with Beauveria bassiana , a fungus .
I still have some questions left unanswered from my Ph . D. work related to how ants recognize who is a friend and who is n't .
The Krone published an image of a non-articulated food lorry on the hard shoulder , which they report is the vehicle in question .
Burmese nationals Zaw Lin and Wai Phyo , both 22 , are currently on trial accused of murdering David Miller , 24 , from Jersey , and Hannah Witheridge , 23 , from England .
The driver , from Romania , refused to stop for police and was arrested following a chase .
By adding certain chemicals , the ROS can be measured using the emission of light of a certain wave-length .
The theatre claims to have a CCTV video footage of Pavlensky and other men beating Slonina 's boyfriend in the parking lot on October 31 .
US economy adds 215,000 jobs in July ; unemployment rate remains steady at 5.3 % The Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that the US economy added 215,000 jobs in July .
The camp was formed as part of a disputed ceasefire .
In 2004 , he attended the opening of the Kaesong Industrial Region , a joint venture of the two nations .
The Royal Thai Air Force asked that images of the accident not be shared , but this has not deterred the press .
On Sunday , Bayern announced signings of 21-year-old Niklas Süle and 26-year-old Sebastian Rudy from TSG 1899 Hoffenheim who are to join the Bayern squad in July .
This made only the fourth time in U.S. history that this modified form , the Medal of Freedom with distinction , has been awarded .
Conley also felt all the victims disrespected and mistreated him .
The study covered many parts of the brain already known to be associated with feeding , and the results suggested some areas are associated with both hunting and feeding and others only with just one behavior .
He was elected last year and was previously the Chief Minister of Gujarat for more than twelve years .
Following Apollo 17 , Cernan worked on the Apollo-Soyuz project before retiring from NASA and the Navy in 1976 .
Manning was convicted in 2013 of 22 charges , including espionage , but acquitted of aiding the enemy .
How common are they in the wild ?
